docs(instrumentation-pg): clarify db.collection.name is not collected (#3614) (#3620)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib: packages/instrumentation-pg/README.md

| `server.port`         | Remote port number.                                                                        |
| `error.type`          | Describes a class of error the operation ended with.                                       |

> [!NOTE]
> `db.collection.name` is not collected by this instrumentation.

> > The database client does not make the table/collection name easily available, and parsing the SQL query text is not compliant with the OpenTelemetry specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `db.collection.name` is not collected. The `pg` driver does not expose the table
> name separately, and the OpenTelemetry specification advises against parsing
> `db.query.text` when the database supports queries touching multiple
> collections in non-batch operations, which is the case for PostgreSQL.
```
